To begin.

Open up your browser and head over to this URL.

Now, if you didn't want to type all of that out and make some typos and errors
and not get to the right

place, then simply just head over to the course resources and click on the link
there.

It'll take you directly to this page.

Now, once you've clicked on the link that takes you to the starting report, you
should see something

that looks like this.

And the first thing I want you to do is to go ahead and click on the fork
button.

What this is going to do is it's going to create a version of that same
replicate that you'll see me

working through in the videos.

But in this case, you'll be able to edit it.

So if you want to save the work that you're doing, I recommend signing up to
raffle it.

It's completely free.

You don't need any credit cards or anything.

Once you've created your account on replicate, it will take you to the previous
page where you can

now actually click the fork rappel button.

And what that will do is it'll create a copy of what I've created and put it
into your account, and

then you'll be able to see a record of all of the code that you've written
throughout the course.

In this course, you'll be coding along with me on replicate and completing a
whole bunch of interactive

coding exercises in our replica classroom.

So go ahead.

Pause the video, sign up to replicate and make sure you forked the starting copy
of Day one printing

start and you should be on a screen that looks like this.

And once you're signed in, then you can actually go ahead and edit the name of
the applet or add a

brief description, and you'll be able to access it later on through the My
Rebels folder.

Now, once you've done that, then let's go ahead and walk through some of the
different parts of it

that you'll be using.

First, on the left hand side pane, here you've got some files and you can see
the current file that's

open.

Is this Python file here?

And you can create new files, or you can create new folders and later on will be
using these features

to organize our code.

Now the other part of the left hand side pane that's really useful is the
Settings tab here, and I

recommend everybody to switch their font size up to large.

This just makes it so much easier to identify mistakes and any typos you make.

Now we're going to leave everything else as it is, and you can click on the
Settings button to collapse

that pane so that you end up with more space for writing code.

And this area here is where you're going to be doing that.

All of your code is going to go inside here.

And once we're done with writing our code, we'll click run and it will execute,
and the results of

our code will come up over on the console in the right here.

And I generally prefer to code using a darker background.

It's slightly easier on my eyes, especially when you're working at night.

So these are some of the most important parts of it.

But the important thing is it allows us to just get started.

Now, remember that the whole reason why we're learning to program is to be able
to tell the computer

what it needs to do and for it to follow documents.

So let's go ahead and tell the computer to do something.

And we could do that by writing our first line of code.

So in this case, I'm creating something called a print function, which is just
the word print, all

in lowercase and then followed by a set of parentheses.

Now inside these parentheses, I'm going to tell it what I want it to print, and
hopefully it's going

to output that inside our console.

So I'm going to start off by writing the classic Hello World inside here.

And then once you're ready, then go ahead and click Run.

After a few seconds, you should see the computer follow your command, namely
printing the words that

you told it to print inside the console or the output area over here.

And once it's done, it indicates that with the little orange arrow and the way
that this command works

is super simple, you have the key would print, followed by a set of parentheses.

And then inside the parentheses you tell it what you want it to print.

And once you've inserted that, then when this line of code gets executed by the
computer, it'll know

to simply print or output the thing that you've placed in between the
parentheses.

But notice here that it's not just the word Hello World exclamation mark that
I've put inside my parentheses.

I've also added some quotation marks or double quotes around the word.

And the reason why I've done this is so that I can tell the computer that this
bit here in between the

double quotes is not code.

It's not like print where it's supposed to do something.

This is just some text that I've made up that I want it to print out.

And these pieces of text in programming lingo is known as strings, and you can
imagine it as almost

like a pearl necklace.

Right?

It's a string of characters.

And what the double quotes do is they basically show the beginning and the end,
all of that string

of characters.

So that means you have to be really careful when you're typing.

For example, if I go ahead and I miss out the closing double quote.

Well, now you can see that there's some changes that have happened to all code
already, namely that

the last parentheses instead of being colored and white, like the opening
parentheses or how it used

to be, it's now colored in orange.

And this is a subtle hint to us.

You're going to get really attuned to these subtle hints because they are the
clues that will tell you

what might have gone wrong in your code.

If I run this code, as it is right now, it's going to break.

It's going to give me a syntax error, and it says something that seems like it's
completely non English.

So how can we figure out what this means?

Now, the thing I want you to know is that all programmers make mistakes.

We all make lots of errors, like forgetting to add the double quotes at the end
of the string or forgetting

to add a closing parentheses.

These things are just common errors because we're human.

But the thing that differentiates great programmers is we're really good at
figuring out what the problem

is and how to fix it.

So you can imagine that coding is just a whole bunch of problems that you have
to solve.

And in this case, when we get some sort of red text on the right and our code is
not doing what we

expected to do, then all we have to do is take this entire error message where
it says something,

something error.

And this is some sort of message that we're supposed to understand and we're
simply going to drop it

into Google.

And usually the first thing you come across will be from a web site called
StackOverflow dot com, and

this is basically the Q&A web site that all developers will go to whenever
something is wrong with their

code or when they can't figure out how to do something.

So if we click on this link, you can see that somebody else has also had this
error, and some kind

souls have told us that the solution might be the fact that you're missing a
double quote before the

end of the line.

So if we take a look back at our code, the code that generated this error looks
like this and indeed

we are missing a double quote at the end of our string.

As you are learning to code, as you're going through your 100 days, I want you
to become more and

more attuned to the color of your code because one of the most helpful things
that code editors such

as this do for us is something called syntax highlighting.

For example, when I was missing that double quote, it highlighted this entire
thing in this orange

color.

And that is basically it telling us it seems like this whole thing is some text.

It thinks that all of this is a string and that we're missing a closing
parentheses.

So if you notice this and you're like, wait, actually, that's not right.

This part should be orange because this is what I want to be printed.

But this part should match the color of the open brace, which is white, so there
must be something

wrong here.

And indeed, if you have a look at the error message, it actually has a little
carrot sign right here

showing you that there's something that's probably not right here and it might
jog your memory that,

oh yeah, I've forgotten a closing double quote.

And now when we run our code, you'll see that it's good as new.

So now it's your turn to try it out in a code challenge.

Head over to the next lesson.

Sign up to our classroom and then I'll guide you through getting started on your
first coding challenge.

So all of that and more.

I'll see you on the next lesson.